now Jehoram the son of Ahab became king
now Jehoram the son of Ahab became king over Israel at Sumeria in the 18th year
over Israel at Sumeria in the 18th year
over Israel at Sumeria in the 18th year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah and reigned
of Jehoshaphat king of Judah and reigned
of Jehoshaphat king of Judah and reigned 12 years and he did evil in the sight of
12 years and he did evil in the sight of
12 years and he did evil in the sight of the Lord but not like his father and
the Lord but not like his father and
the Lord but not like his father and mother for he put away the sacred pillar
mother for he put away the sacred pillar
mother for he put away the sacred pillar of bale that his father had made
of bale that his father had made
of bale that his father had made nevertheless he persisted in the sins of
nevertheless he persisted in the sins of
nevertheless he persisted in the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat who had made
Jeroboam the son of Nebat who had made
Jeroboam the son of Nebat who had made Israel sin he did not depart from them
Israel sin he did not depart from them
Israel sin he did not depart from them now Misha
now Misha
now Misha king of Moab was a sheep breeder and he
king of Moab was a sheep breeder and he
king of Moab was a sheep breeder and he regularly paid the king of Israel
regularly paid the king of Israel
regularly paid the king of Israel 100,000 lambs and the wool of one
100,000 lambs and the wool of one
100,000 lambs and the wool of one hundred thousand Rams but it happened
hundred thousand Rams but it happened
hundred thousand Rams but it happened when a have died that the king of Moab
when a have died that the king of Moab
when a have died that the king of Moab rebelled against the king of Israel
rebelled against the king of Israel
rebelled against the king of Israel so King Jehoram went out of Samaria at
so King Jehoram went out of Samaria at
so King Jehoram went out of Samaria at that time and mustered all Israel when
that time and mustered all Israel when
that time and mustered all Israel when he went and sent to Jehoshaphat king of
he went and sent to Jehoshaphat king of
he went and sent to Jehoshaphat king of Judah the king of Moab has rebelled
Judah the king of Moab has rebelled
Judah the king of Moab has rebelled against me you go with me to fight
against me you go with me to fight
against me you go with me to fight against Moab I will go up I am as you
against Moab I will go up I am as you
against Moab I will go up I am as you want my people as your people my horses
want my people as your people my horses
want my people as your people my horses as your horses which way shall we go up
as your horses which way shall we go up
as your horses which way shall we go up by way of the wilderness of Edom so the
by way of the wilderness of Edom so the
by way of the wilderness of Edom so the king of Israel went with the king of
king of Israel went with the king of
king of Israel went with the king of Judah and the king of Edom and they
Judah and the king of Edom and they
Judah and the king of Edom and they marched on that roundabout route seven
marched on that roundabout route seven
marched on that roundabout route seven days and there was no water for the army
days and there was no water for the army
days and there was no water for the army nor for the animals that followed them
nor for the animals that followed them
nor for the animals that followed them and the king of Israel said alas for the
and the king of Israel said alas for the
and the king of Israel said alas for the Lord has called these three Kings
Lord has called these three Kings
Lord has called these three Kings together to deliver them into the hand
together to deliver them into the hand
together to deliver them into the hand of Moab but Jehoshaphat said is there no
of Moab but Jehoshaphat said is there no
of Moab but Jehoshaphat said is there no prophet of the Lord here that we may
prophet of the Lord here that we may
prophet of the Lord here that we may inquire of the Lord by him so one of the
inquire of the Lord by him so one of the
inquire of the Lord by him so one of the servants of the king of Israel answered
servants of the king of Israel answered
servants of the king of Israel answered elisha the son of shaphat is here who
elisha the son of shaphat is here who
elisha the son of shaphat is here who poured water on the hands of Elijah the
poured water on the hands of Elijah the
poured water on the hands of Elijah the word of the Lord is with him so the king
word of the Lord is with him so the king
word of the Lord is with him so the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat and the king
of Israel and Jehoshaphat and the king
of Israel and Jehoshaphat and the king of Edom when
of Edom when
of Edom when down to him then Elisha said to the king
down to him then Elisha said to the king
down to him then Elisha said to the king of Israel what have I to do with you go
of Israel what have I to do with you go
of Israel what have I to do with you go to the prophets of your father the
to the prophets of your father the
to the prophets of your father the prophets of your mother
prophets of your mother
prophets of your mother no for the Lord has called these three
no for the Lord has called these three
no for the Lord has called these three kings together to deliver them into the
kings together to deliver them into the
kings together to deliver them into the hand of Moab as the Lord of Hosts lives
hand of Moab as the Lord of Hosts lives
hand of Moab as the Lord of Hosts lives before whom I stand surely were it not
before whom I stand surely were it not
before whom I stand surely were it not that I regard the presence of
that I regard the presence of
that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat king of Judah I would not
Jehoshaphat king of Judah I would not
Jehoshaphat king of Judah I would not look at you nor see you but now bring me
look at you nor see you but now bring me
look at you nor see you but now bring me a musician then it happened when the
a musician then it happened when the
a musician then it happened when the musician played that the hand of the
musician played that the hand of the
musician played that the hand of the Lord came upon him thus says the Lord
Lord came upon him thus says the Lord
Lord came upon him thus says the Lord make this valley full of ditches for
make this valley full of ditches for
make this valley full of ditches for thus says the Lord you shall not see
thus says the Lord you shall not see
thus says the Lord you shall not see wind nor shall you see rain yet that
wind nor shall you see rain yet that
wind nor shall you see rain yet that Valley shall be filled with water so
Valley shall be filled with water so
Valley shall be filled with water so that you your cattle and your animals
that you your cattle and your animals
that you your cattle and your animals may drink and this is a simple matter in
may drink and this is a simple matter in
may drink and this is a simple matter in the sight of the Lord he will also
the sight of the Lord he will also
the sight of the Lord he will also deliver the Moabites into your hand also
deliver the Moabites into your hand also
deliver the Moabites into your hand also you shall attack every fortified city
you shall attack every fortified city
you shall attack every fortified city and every choice City and shall cut down
and every choice City and shall cut down
and every choice City and shall cut down every good tree and stop up every spring
every good tree and stop up every spring
every good tree and stop up every spring of water and ruin every good piece of
of water and ruin every good piece of
of water and ruin every good piece of land with stones now it happened in the
land with stones now it happened in the
land with stones now it happened in the morning when the grain offering was
morning when the grain offering was
morning when the grain offering was offered that suddenly water came by way
offered that suddenly water came by way
offered that suddenly water came by way of Edom and the land was filled with
of Edom and the land was filled with
of Edom and the land was filled with water and when all the Moabites heard
water and when all the Moabites heard
water and when all the Moabites heard that the kings had come up to fight
that the kings had come up to fight
that the kings had come up to fight against them all who were able to bear
against them all who were able to bear
against them all who were able to bear arms and older were gathered and they
arms and older were gathered and they
arms and older were gathered and they stood at the border then they rose up
stood at the border then they rose up
stood at the border then they rose up early in the morning and the Sun was
early in the morning and the Sun was
early in the morning and the Sun was shining on the water and the Moabites
shining on the water and the Moabites
shining on the water and the Moabites saw the water on the other side as red
saw the water on the other side as red
saw the water on the other side as red as blood this is blood
as blood this is blood
as blood this is blood Kings have surely struck swords and have
Kings have surely struck swords and have
Kings have surely struck swords and have killed one another
killed one another
killed one another now therefore more to us so when they
now therefore more to us so when they
now therefore more to us so when they came to the camp of Israel Israel rose
came to the camp of Israel Israel rose
came to the camp of Israel Israel rose up and attacked the Moabites so that
up and attacked the Moabites so that
up and attacked the Moabites so that they fled before them and they entered
they fled before them and they entered
they fled before them and they entered their land killing the Merlin's and they
their land killing the Merlin's and they
their land killing the Merlin's and they destroyed the cities and each man threw
destroyed the cities and each man threw
destroyed the cities and each man threw a stone on every good piece of land and
a stone on every good piece of land and
a stone on every good piece of land and filled it and they stopped up all the
filled it and they stopped up all the
filled it and they stopped up all the springs of water and cut down all the
springs of water and cut down all the
springs of water and cut down all the good trees they left the stones of
good trees they left the stones of
good trees they left the stones of Kihara sir intent however the slingers
Kihara sir intent however the slingers
Kihara sir intent however the slingers surrounded and attacked it and when the
surrounded and attacked it and when the
surrounded and attacked it and when the king of Moab saw that the battle was too
king of Moab saw that the battle was too
king of Moab saw that the battle was too fierce for him he took with him seven
fierce for him he took with him seven
fierce for him he took with him seven hundred men who drew swords to break
hundred men who drew swords to break
hundred men who drew swords to break through to the king of Edom but they
through to the king of Edom but they
through to the king of Edom but they could not then he took his eldest son
could not then he took his eldest son
could not then he took his eldest son who would have reigned in his place and
who would have reigned in his place and
who would have reigned in his place and offered him as a burnt offering upon the
offered him as a burnt offering upon the
offered him as a burnt offering upon the wall and there was great indignation
wall and there was great indignation
wall and there was great indignation against Israel so they departed from him
against Israel so they departed from him
against Israel so they departed from him and returned to their own land